RHDEVDOCS-5238: pipelines-as-code configuration and token scoping (#60197)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/op-setting-concurrency-limits-in-repository-crd.adoc

:_content-type: REFERENCE
[id="setting-concurrency-limits-in-repository-crd_{context}"]
= Setting concurrency limits

[role="_abstract"]

> You can use the `concurrency_limit` spec in the `Repository` custom resource definition (CRD) to define the maximum number of pipeline runs running simultaneously for a repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the `concurrency_limit` spec in the `Repository` custom resource (CR) to define the maximum number of pipeline runs running simultaneously for a repository.
```

Author: out of scope
